added name - Desert Eagle
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::wearSilencer()
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
added name - Desert Eagle
gun::getName() - Desert Eagle
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::getAmmoCount() - 13
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
gun::wearSilencer()
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::getAmmoCount() - 13
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
added name - Desert Eagle
gun::getName() - Desert Eagle
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::getAmmoCount() - 13
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
gun::wearSilencer()
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::getAmmoCount() - 13
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
added name - Desert Eagle
gun::getName() - Desert Eagle
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle shot
gun::getAmmoCount() - 13
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
gun::wearSilencer()
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::Shot()
Desert Eagle quiet shot
gun::getAmmoCount() - 13
gun::getAmmoCount() - 15
